Improve README (#501)
haskell/vector: vector/README.md

The `vector` package [![Build Status](https://github.com/haskell/vector/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/haskell/vector/actions?query=branch%3Amaster)
====================

> This package includes various modules that will allow you to 
> work with vectors and use an optimisation framework called [*fusion*](#fusion). 
> In this context, vector is an `Int`-indexed array-like data structure with a simpler 
> API that can contain any Haskell value. Additionally, its equivalence 
> to C-style arrays and optimisation via fusion accelerates vector’s 
> performance and makes it a great alternative to list. By installing this 
> package, you’ll be able to work with [boxed, unboxed, storable, and primitive 
> vectors](#vectors-available-in-the-package) as well as their generic interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An efficient implementation of `Int`-indexed arrays (both mutable and immutable).
This package provides multiple representations: [boxed, unboxed, storable, and primitive 
vectors](#vectors-available-in-the-package) and generic API which is polymorphic in
vector type. It also has powerful optimization framework based on [stream-fusion](#fusion)
which could eliminate intermediate data structures.
```
I think it would be better to cut down this paragraph a bit.

Author: Hi, I cut down the intro, but kept the sentence about vector's benefits (I think it's important to highlight them for newcomers)

Reviewer: I dropped this: 

> The advantages of vectors include equivalence to C-style arrays and simple interface

because it's not clear what does "equivalence to C-style arrays" even mean?

Author: removed it

## Table of Contents

<!-- no toc -->
- [Tutorial](#tutorial)
- [Vector vs Array](#vector-vs-array)
- [Vectors Available in the Package](#vectors-available-in-the-package)
- [Stream Fusion](#stream-fusion)

## Tutorial

A beginner-friendly tutorial for vectors can be found on 
[MMHaskell](https://mmhaskell.com/data-structures/vector).

If you have already started your adventure with vectors, 
the tutorial on [Haskell Wiki](https://wiki.haskell.org/Numeric_Haskell:_A_Vector_Tutorial) 
covers more ground.

> ## Vector vs Array

Reviewer: Do we even need to compare with `array`. I think at this point it's mostly legacy and barely used

Author: we can remove it, but I think we should keep it for the newcomers. If array is legacy and rarely used, I think it's important to mention that so I added a sentence

             , vector ==0.13.1.0
```
If you use **stack**, modify `package.yaml` so that its `depends` 
section includes vector package:
```
dependencies:
- base >= 4.7 && < 5
- vector == 0.13.1.0
```

## Tutorial

A beginner-friendly tutorial for vectors can be found on 
[MMHaskell](https://mmhaskell.com/data-structures/vector).

If you have already started your adventure with vectors, 
the tutorial on [Haskell Wiki](https://wiki.haskell.org/Numeric_Haskell:_A_Vector_Tutorial) 
covers more ground.

## Vector vs Array

Arrays are data structures that can store a multitude of elements 
and allow immediate access to every one of them. Even though Haskell 
has a built-in [Data.Array module](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/array-0.5.7.0), 
arrays might be a bit overwhelming to use due to their complex API. 
Conversely, vectors incorporate the array’s *O(1)* access to elements 
with a much friendlier API of lists. Since they allow for framework 
optimisation via loop fusion, vectors emphasise efficiency and keep 
a rich interface. Unless you’re confident with arrays, it’s 
well-advised to use vectors when looking for a similar functionality.

## Vectors Available in the Package

> **Boxed vectors** store each of its elements as a pointer to its value. 
> Because we cannot directly access the contents of a boxed vector, they 
> are slower in comparison to unboxed vectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Lazy boxed vectors** (`Data.Vector`) can store any haskell value. Their elements are
stored as pointers to heap-allocated values and that extra indirection results in worse
performance.

**Strict boxed vectors** (`Data.Vector.Strict`) boxed vector which is strict in its elements. 
```

> **Unboxed vectors** store solely their elements’ values instead of pointers. 
> To be unboxed, the elements need to be constant in size. Since we can directly 
> access the contents of the unboxed vector, working with them is quite efficient.

Reviewer: In this case name lies.

```suggestion
**Unboxed vectors** (`Data.Vector.Unboxed`) is vector which determines representation
of an array from type of its element. For primitives (`Int`, `Double`, etc) it's backed by primitive
arrays and for tuples and product types by structure of arrays.  Generally it uses unboxed 
representation so it's quite efficient
```

> **Storable vectors** are pinned, convertible to and from pointers, and 
> usable in C functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Storable vectors** (`Data.Vector.Storable`) are backed by pinned memory. Their primary
use case is C FFI.  
```

> **Primitive vectors** contain elements of primitive type. 
> Primitive types can be recognised by the hash sign attached at 
> the end of value and/or type’s name, e.g. `3#` or `Int#`. You can read 
> more about them [here](https://downloads.haskell.org/~ghc/5.00/docs/set/primitives.html).

Reviewer: It's more precise to say that they can hold values that are instances of `Prim`. In fact it can't hold `Int#` — wrong kind.

```suggestion
**Primitive vectors** (`Data.Vector.Primitive`). This vector is backed by simple 
byte array and can hold data types which are instances of `Prim` type class.
This is data types which are represented in memory as sequence of bytes without
pointer. Think `Int`, `Double`, etc. Usually it's better to use unboxed vectors since
they have same performance and more general.
```

## Fusion

> An optimisation framework provided in this package, fusion 
> is a technique that merges several functions into one and forces 
> it to produce only one outcome. Without fusion, your program might 
> generate intermediate results for each function separately and 
> stall its performance.

Reviewer: Specifically stream fusion as opposed to build/foldr fusion used for lists. 

```suggestion
Vector uses stream fusion for optimizations. This is technique 
allows to avoid creation of intermediate data structures. For example
following expression `sum . filter g . map f` will not allocate temporary vectors 
if compiled with optimizations.
```
